>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
back to "Beyond Belief"
this holiday season.
I'm George Noory.
In our previous program with
psychic medium, Laure Lee,
we talked about the other side.
In this show, we're
going to be talking
about the angelic realm.
Angels who are there to help us.
Laura Lee, welcome back.
>>LAURA LEE: Well, thanks
for having me again.
>>NOORY: First of all, you've
got to explain what are angels.
Because I hear so many
different definitions about what
they are.
>>LEE: Right.
Well, ethereal beings
of light, which
have been recognized
by all scriptures,
all different
religions, that are here
to help us on our journey in
life, and they are messengers.
I think angels is actually
the word messenger.
And they guide us,
but a lot of us
don't realize we have that
guidance accessible to us.
They may believe
in them, but they
don't utilize their services
that are here for us.
>>NOORY: Before the
physical realm was created.
>>LEE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Were the
angels here first?
>>LEE: That's a good question.
I didn't expect that one.
That's a good question.
Yeah, I think, I
would imagine so.
>>NOORY: I would think so.
>>LEE: I would imagine so.
Yeah, they were always here.
They're always part
of the divine plan,
that their presence
is among us to help us
through this myriad of--
what do you want to call it?
A maze, or a matrix,
an experience
that we're all experiencing,
we're just experiencing it.
>>NOORY: And assuming there's
life on other planets.
>>LEE: There is.
>>NOORY: I assume
that they, too,
know about the angelic realm.
>>LEE: Yes.
I think they are a powerful
force that is highly recognized
not only with humans.
I know a lot of
people in my genre,
in my field, who might even
recognize them as alien-ish,
you know?
>>NOORY: I was going
to ask you that.
>>LEE: I know.
>>NOORY: When you read the
book of Genesis in the Bible,
and you replace angels
with extraterrestrial,
it's almost the same.
>>LEE: I know.
And there's a lot
of experts out there
who would probably validate
that with their own personal
experiences.
But angels will
appear in the form
that we're most receptive to
receive their messages, which
can even-- they can even
transform themselves
to appear in a moment notice, as
>>NOORY: Human-like?
>>LEE: --human-like, and
maybe even like a loved one.
So we'll receive their
message in that instant.
>>NOORY: Are they
there to help us?
>>LEE: Absolutely.
100% percent.
>>NOORY: Pull us out of danger.
Things like that.
>>LEE: Absolutely.
We hear of miracles all
the time of situations
where people are in
a crisis situation
and all of a sudden somebody
will appear, help them out
of the tragedy, and never see
or hear of this person again.
It's almost mysterious.
And we hear those
experiences all the time.
And yes, those are moments that
angels intervene in our lives.
And they can be there at any
moment, if we call upon them.
>>NOORY: What's the difference
between an angel and something
evil, a demon, for example?
>>LEE: What's the difference?
>>NOORY: Is there a difference?
They're both spirits, I think.
>>LEE: I think
they're both spirits
and they're all
part of the plan.
I think the darker
entities are there
to help us remember
there is a light.
And sometimes I think
they all work together
so we recognize it's our light.
I don't know if you've
heard that quote before,
but I think Marianne Williamson
said it so brilliantly,
that it's not our darkness
that we're most frightened of,
it's our light that
we're scared of.
>>NOORY: That's because
we don't understand it.
>>LEE: We don't.
>>NOORY: You've got some images
that you brought along with us,
and I want to take a
look at image number
one, which is Archangel Michael.
Tell us about Archangel
Michael, first of all.
>>LEE: Well,
particularly, these images
are just an artist's
depiction of the archangel.
>>NOORY: Why do
they all have wings?
>>LEE: Because
one of two things,
I've seen them with wings, and
I've seen them without wings.
But they vibrate at such a high
frequency and such a high level
that they can come with
the speed of thought.
>>NOORY: It's almost like
they could be bird-like.
>>LEE: Yeah, I know.
>>NOORY: It's strange.
>>LEE: There was a culture
that was considered bird-like.
You might have had
that discussion on one
of your shows.
But anyway, Archangel Michael
is usually shown with a sword,
and he's about to give
somebody courage and strength.
So if you're in fear
about something,
this is the angel you'd
want to call upon.
And here in this
particular picture,
he's killing a serpent, which
is, again, a symbol of fear
to overcome.
So if at any point in time
you're scared about something,
this is the angel you want to
call in, as God is my strength,
you see he's recognized as.
So he's a powerful angel.
>>NOORY: So he's
there to protect us.
>>LEE: Yes.
And he's always in
this-- there's always
an ultra-blueish light
that comes with him,
sometimes almost violet-like.
So even if you see
those kind of colors
that flash in your
sphere, I know
a lot of people who've had
experiences with colors,
and seeing auras, this
is his coloring, usually.
>>NOORY: How high up
is he in the hierarchy?
>>LEE: Well, they're archangels.
>>NOORY: He's way up there.
>>LEE: Yeah, they're up there.
>>NOORY: Just about
as high as you can go.
>>LEE: I'm going to share with
you the top four angels that
are known across Islamic,
Judaism, the Kap-- Kabbalah-- I
can't even say the
word, Christianity.
They are all recognized
angels in some way
in their scriptures.
>>NOORY: So he's one of them
you want to get to know.
>>LEE: Yeah.
A lot of people
recognize him, and a lot
of children on this planet
have been named Michael.
>>NOORY: All right, let's
go to our next image, who
will be Archangel Gabriel.
My late father's
name, of course.
Tell me about Gabriel.
>>LEE: Gabriel is
the word of God.
So if you're having
trouble to find the words,
this is the angel to call upon.
Angel also known
as life and death.
I work with this
angel a lot because I
am a spiritual
medium, a medium that
communicates with
the other side.
So of course,
Gabriel's also known
to share the message that
Christ was coming, not that I'm
pinpointing a
particular religion,
because angels
are not religious.
OK?
But they happen to be
recognized in Christianity,
and this particular angel was.
And by the way, a lot of
times people or artists
have depicted this
angel as masculine,
but I see it as a
she most often times.
And then the lily usually
is depicted by artists,
and that means truth.
So it's always about
speaking the truth, which
will get us much further.
Even though sometimes
it's not always good,
but speaking the truth,
God's word through us.
>>NOORY: Right.
Let's go to our third angel,
the Archangel Raphael,
with a nice sword.
>>LEE: Yeah.
Usually he's in a green light.
Green light,
usually, because this
is the angel about healing.
So if you're suffering from
a health issue, or a terminal
illness, or something of that
sort, call in this particular--
>>NOORY: He's the one.
>>LEE: He is the angel
that will assist you
in overcoming any ailments.
Physically, mentally,
emotionally-- he's the one.
And like I said, he's usually
carrying a scepter, not
a sword.
But the sword could also
be cutting the cords
to this disease,
which is also a fear.
Because we'll think an illness
is transmitted from generation
after generation.
It doesn't have to be that way.
I know that might
make a lot of people
angry because they want to
hold on to their health issues
because it gives them
some sort of power.
>>NOORY: Why is there
a child with him?
>>LEE: I think
that's the innocence.
Because you almost
have to go back
into that space, the
innocence, to really believe.
And that's the
thing with angels,
you have to believe in order
for their power to take effect.
>>NOORY: The next archangel, of
course, is the Archangel Uriel.
>>LEE: Uriel.
>>NOORY: Let's take
a little look here.
>>LEE: Yeah.
And usually Uriel is depicted by
artists with fire in the hands,
God is light.
And it usually means the
divine wisdom and knowledge
that comes through
to give you knowledge
of the presence of spirit here.
Or if you're struggling
with anything
such as needing guidance
on a particular matter,
this is the archangel
you want to call upon
for that kind of
guidance, assistance.
Because that's why
he's carrying the book.
>>NOORY: Laura Lee, do most
people believe in angels?
>>LEE: I have seen polls that
said 85% believe, or 77%.
But yes, I think a
high majority of people
believe whether or not they're
religious, or nonreligious.
>>NOORY: Is it going up or down?
>>LEE: I think it has stayed
steady over the years.
Because I've been talking about
this subject for many years,
and every time I go back
to look at the polls,
it looks like it's
about the same.
I think a lot of that's rooted
from our histories and religion
and what we're taught.
But the odd thing
I find, though,
is even if they believe, they
might not utilize the angels
in the way that they
can be utilized.
And I think that's
where a lot of people
are missing the point, because
they think it's just maybe,
yeah, it's a story.
And yeah, sure, they're
there, but they are there
to assist us, and we can ask
for that divine intervention
at any point.
And it doesn't matter,
it can be mundane issues,
and it can be really
important issues.
>>NOORY: My favorite
movie this holiday season,
"It's a Wonderful Life."
>>LEE: That's my favorite.
>>NOORY: With Jimmy Stewart.
My mother, when I was about
seven, sat me down to watch it.
And I watch it every year.
>>LEE: I do, too.
>>NOORY: It's got
a great message.
>>LEE: And don't
you cry every year?
>>NOORY: No, I don't
cry every year.
>>LEE: I cry every year.
>>NOORY: That's because
you're a woman; you cry.
>>LEE: I'm sensitive.
>>NOORY: I'm not going
to cry at an angel movie.
>>LEE: That's what
makes me feel--
>>NOORY: I'm a tough guy.
>>LEE: Yeah, it happens to me.
>>NOORY: But it
was a great movie,
and there was a
great message there.
What would happen
had he not lived?
>>LEE: Right, because
the angel intervened
to help him live his life.
>>NOORY: What was
the angel's name?
>>LEE: Clarence.
>>NOORY: Got it.
>>LEE: Of course.
>>NOORY: It was a great movie.
>>LEE: I know.
Jimmy Stewart classic.
>>NOORY: Maybe you guys can play
a little clip of that for us
and we could take a look
at that for a few minutes.
>>LEE: Right.
Love that movie.
>>NOORY: How did
you get involved
in dealing with the angels?
You're a psychic medium.
You deal with the other side.
You deal with life after death.
How about the angels?
>>LEE: That's a good
topic because it
happened for me at an early age.
I started seeing
spirits, which scared me,
and I shared that on a
previous show with you.
It scared the bejesus out of me
to the point where I literally
hid under covers.
I was so scared of the dark,
had an eating disorder.
And I think it was a lot
associated because of this.
Because I didn't want
to speak out and share
with too many people,
especially coming
from my Midwestern upbringing.
>>NOORY: Did your parents know
you had an eating disorder?
>>LEE: They didn't
until I came out.
And what happened is I
was in my freshman year,
and I was literally on my
knees calling out for help,
and I had a visitation
from an angel.
>>NOORY: Were your girlfriends
doing the same thing?
>>LEE: I don't know.
I'm sure that I
wasn't the only one.
At that time, it seemed
to be that or girls
who had addictions to
alcohol, you know, college.
>>NOORY: Did you
solve this yourself?
>>LEE: Well, an
angel came to me.
Gabriel came to me.
And I didn't know it
was Gabriel at the time,
but I had an experience
that was out of body.
And came to me,
and shared with me,
I'd be speaking with angels.
And this is what I shared with
my roommate, and my college
classmates, and they were
just-- whatever, Laura.
They thought I was out of
my mind, which maybe I was.
But it turned my life
around immediately.
It just was like
a transformation
within the night.
So I was lifted off of my
bed and actually sat up,
and I saw an angel
come before me
and share with me that all
my experiences previously
were to happen so I would
know that I can brace myself
as I am.
I am a communicator
for the other side,
and that I need to share it.
>>NOORY: Did it illuminate
the room when it came in?
>>LEE: It more than
illuminated the room.
They're so massive,
they're so big,
it transcends time and space.
I felt like only
her and I existed,
and there was
nothing else around.
No walls, no people, nothing.
And it felt like hours and
hours of conversations.
A conversation in
just a few minutes.
But it was an
overwhelming sense of love
that I can't even explain.
Probably the closest
thing I can relate to it
is the birth of my daughter
and that experience
I share with my daughter.
But it's beyond
humanly experience.
>>NOORY: It's beyond belief.
>>LEE: It's beyond belief, yes.
>>NOORY: When I was a little
boy, lying on my back,
looking at the sky, I saw
what could've been an angel.
>>LEE: Oh, I'm sure it was.
>>NOORY: It could
have been a cloud.
You know how you make up
figures when you look at clouds.
>>LEE: No, that's
one of the signs.
That's one of the signs.
So if you see-- you can
see little notices of them
in life, just to
recognize and they're
trying to tell you
that they're here.
Just even art, artists,
or paraphernalia
that you might have
around, or somebody
gives you a gift of an angel
just to tell you they're
there with you.
OK.
Clouds.
If you come across a
feather on the ground,
no matter what color,
an angel's with you.
OK.
You see the numbers.
Numbers are really
important, 444 particularly.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>LEE: Yeah, angels
in your presence.
Yes.
Actually, I jumped
in the car yesterday
to get to the airport,
and it was 4:44.
>>NOORY: I love it.
A little sign from above.
>>LEE: Little signs,
just little signs.
I love playing with
those little things.
>>NOORY: Well, when you get
that little intuitiveness,
that little voice that
is in your head that
tells you don't do this, or
do this, is that an angel?
Or is that something
within yourself?
>>LEE: Well, some
people would say
it's the spirit within
yourself, but I also
feel there's a
connection to your angel.
Because your angel is
your intuitive voice
that is also speaking to you.
And it is usually a
very soft whisper,
but it'll be consistent,
and it'll be regular.
And the difference
between discerning
whether it's bad or
good is that the good,
or the positive in knowing that
you're connected to the divine
sources, it will encourage
you, and it will help.
And you will be
inspired to do things,
and good things for others.
But if you're inspired to
hurt yourself or hurt others,
then you know it's coming from
a source that's not divine.
Or not-- I shouldn't
say not divine
because I think
it's all connected.
But it's coming from a
lower vibe, a lower entity,
to derail you.
And I think those that have
done atrocities in our world
are so far removed
because of fear,
or whatever their challenges
have been in life,
removes them from making this
connection to the source.
>>NOORY: Take a
few moments, Laura,
to tell us about fallen angels.
These are the ones
that just decided
they weren't going to
be playing God's way.
What happened to them?
>>LEE: Well, I know there's a
lot of stories that exist out
there about the fallen
angels, or the lower vibes.
But I think those are the ones
that they call the watchers,
too, that have
merged with society.
And I think they might
have just over generations,
have merged and created
some sort of havoc.
But I think I mentioned
in the previous show
that I think it
all works together.
Do you know what I'm saying?
>>NOORY: And you have to
have the good and the bad,
don't you?
>>LEE: Yeah, you almost do
in order to see the light.
And they have to play
against each other in order
for us to remember and
to come back to that.
And sometimes we
need those moments
of-- what do they call it--
the Dark Night of the Soul,
in order to transcend.
And like I had my
personal experience,
in order to transcend
and become the person
you're supposed to become, and
that's part of your character.
And hopefully, you'll
come out of it.
Sometimes spirits are
souls, as you know,
are walking in this world of
hell and they never wake up.
>>NOORY: When I
was a little boy,
my mother was born in
Fitchburg, Massachusetts.
And her parents had
owned a furniture company
and lived above it in a
huge apartment building.
They owned like 15
units, and their unit
must have had four
bedrooms and stuff.
So it was a very-- pretty
large apartment complex.
And I remember, in
the dead of the night,
being woken up by something
that had a mask on,
and the house was full of smoke.
And it ended up
being a firefighter.
Somebody had
reported seeing smoke
coming out of our apartment.
Everyone was asleep.
And he was in there
waking us all up.
>>LEE: A guardian angel.
>>NOORY: Getting us up.
And I thought for a
moment he was an angel.
>>LEE: Well, he was.
>>NOORY: He may have been.
>>LEE: He may have been.
Because angels work, and
that's the misconception,
a lot of people think
this glorious light
being is going to show up.
But quite honestly,
if that happens,
it would scare a lot of people.
Because they're so grand
and so magnificent.
So they'll come through
and work through people.
>>NOORY: Because they could
not find him afterward.
>>LEE: Of course.
>>NOORY: He was
nowhere to be found.
>>LEE: That's what
I'm telling you.
>>NOORY: Everybody tried to
look for him, but he was gone.
>>LEE: No sign.
>>NOORY: He was gone.
>>LEE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Well, we're
going to come back
in a moment on "Beyond
Belief," and Lisa
will be talking to
Laura Lee about angels.
And Laura will talk with her
about her angelic experience.
That's next on "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]
Well, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
And as you know, we were just
talking with psychic medium
Laura Lee about angels,
the angelic realm.
And with us now is
Lisa, and Laura Lee
will talk with
Lisa about angels.
>>LEE: All right.
Well, Lisa is easy because I
see tons of angels around Lisa.
And when I see tons, some people
have just one, or two, George.
But Lisa has numerous
angels behind her
because I understand she's
in the consulting, advising,
coaching, teaching, healing.
And people who touch
other people's lives
to inspire and lift them, need
all the help that they can get.
And Lisa is one of these
beings, the special beings
on this planet that has to
do that in such grand ways
she hasn't even uncovered yet.
And she's just
scratching the surface.
And the rest of her
life is just going
to open up and flourish so ways
that she couldn't even imagine.
And in fact, you think you're
rooted here, but you're not.
You're going to be
all over the place.
And that's my understanding.
And I understand you
work with angels.
So that's the other
thing; you call them in,
and people who have
belief and trust in them,
call them in for that support.
And they're just going to be
lifting you with your wings,
because you're going through a
metamorphosis, a transformation
yourself.
And I mean in all
ways, in relationships,
career, and as well just
even where you're living.
Because I see real estate
signs all around you,
and I understand
you might even been
in the business of real
estate at one point.
>>LISA: I was for 27 years.
>>LEE: Oh, wow.
So this is just a confirmation.
>>LISA: Right.
>>LEE: OK.
Of what I'm telling
you, those messages.
So you know the support
is here for you, OK?
>>LISA: Well, and
part of it is I'm
thinking about going back in.
>>LEE: I know, that's
the other thing
that I wanted to discuss
with you because it's
been a rough journey out here
on the metaphysical plane,
because you're a healer,
and kind of an alternative.
But I think there's a way to
warp those worlds together.
Because you're going
to ground it now, OK?
But you're still going to be
communicating and teaching,
and I almost feel
like you're going back
to school because
you love education.
>>LISA: Right.
>>LEE: You love schooling.
And they tell me you have
multiple alternative degrees.
>>LISA: I do.
>>LEE: OK.
They tell me this,
but you might even
go back for graduate degrees
and a formal education
to ground yourself even more
and to identify yourself
as something more respected--
what society would consider
more respected,
that's more grounded.
If that makes sense, OK?
And part of this,
also, transformation
might be coming because
of another relationship
change that's
occurring in your life.
>>LISA: Right.
>>LEE: OK.
And it's all good.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LEE: Because,
of course, I think
you've been teaching and
learning in this process.
And I feel like
it's going to shed,
and you're going to
embrace something new.
And I see somebody who's really
into the outdoors around you.
OK?
And might welcome you into
that world a little bit more.
I don't know if you've been much
of an outdoors person yourself.
>>LISA: Yeah.
I always have been.
>>LEE: You always have?
OK.
But this person's
really into it,
and I mean seeing hiking
mountains and stuff like that,
which you already
do to some degree,
but at a greater extent.
And literally, that's how I see
this next phase of your life.
You know what I
mean, metaphorically?
And so when I say
graduate degree,
I almost see-- have
you even considered
at one point, graduate degree,
even master's, doctorate,
that type of level?
Because that's what
I'm understanding.
>>LISA: No, no I haven't.
>>LEE: That's what
I'm understanding.
OK.
But you've been
investigating some schools,
some other schools
that they tell me.
That you might have
over the years.
You might have gone to look
at it and then stepped away.
Gone to look at
it, stepped away.
And it's going to
come back again,
and you need to trust
in those instincts
when they come to
you because that's
your guidance
imposing upon you, OK?
And I think you'll
understand when
that next part of the journey.
But when I say real
estate, I almost
feel like it might be from
a different standpoint.
It might not be from
the selling aspect,
but you actually getting
involved in real estate
where you're going
to be managing
and also renting and
leasing and developing
your own portfolio of things.
So it will be in
a different form
than it was previously
because last time you sold.
>>LISA: Right.
>>LEE: Right?
>>NOORY: Are these the
angels telling you this?
>>LEE: Yes.
And when I say this,
I see specifically
for you Archangel Michael
to give you lots of courage.
And I also see Archangel
Gabriel, because now it's
about communications
and teaching.
And when I say this, also,
you've done workshops yourself
and taught.
I also feel like this might
expand to a bigger stage.
And you've been
feeling this coming.
>>LISA: I have.
>>LEE: Yes.
They tell me this.
So that's where I say
it's going to expand
and you're going to be on stages
around the country, maybe even
around the world.
You might be invited
to certain places, OK?
I feel this call, too, to India.
Does this make sense?
This call to India.
I don't know if you've had any
affiliations or connections
with people in your
life lately that
have been coming in that
have Indian descent.
If that makes sense.
Because I see a trip
over there, as well, OK?
>>LISA: I have lots of
friends that have been there.
And people--
>>LEE: There's a reason.
>>LISA: There's a reason, yeah.
>>LEE: Because they're
guiding you there, OK?
And there's lots
of talk about that.
But I feel like you might
find some answers there
for yourself, OK?
As I say this, I think
that at one point when
you were a child,
you might have felt
like you wanted to go
into the healing field
but dismissed it as a child.
Does that make sense?
And you went into
this business aspect
of things, just kind
of fumbled into it.
>>LISA: Right.
Absolutely.
>>LEE: But everything's
for a reason.
But now you're going
back into your roots,
OK, because you're
really harnessing
who you are in this next
part of the journey.
But you're much
more than what you
realize you are right now, OK?
But it's going to take you away
from here, here in Colorado.
You're going to be
all over the place.
>>LISA: OK.
>>LEE: I also sense a
connection to New York with you.
Do you have-- you got some
friends out in New York?
>>LISA: No.
I was just recently
there for a workshop.
>>NOORY: Not yet.
>>LISA: But, yeah, not yet.
>>LEE: You were just there
recently for a workshop
and you met some
people out there.
>>LISA: I did.
>>LEE: They tell me that are
from that particular area.
There might be a connection
to them later on.
And you will be revisiting
with them again.
So that's sooner than later,
before the end of the year.
And I just want you to
know that's on your way.
That's starting it, OK?
That'll be the start
of this next part
of the leg of the journey.
And as I say that, you've
overcome some major health
issues yourself.
I don't know if you heard
me talking about some--
in your past.
And that's behind you right now,
and that's part of the message
you send out as well.
I just wanted to say
that as a confirmation
to some of the stuff
that was coming.
>>LISA: OK.
I appreciate that.
>>NOORY: Any questions
for the angels, Lisa?
>>LEE: Well, she
works with angels
so I almost think she
already has a lot of answers,
but maybe it's rather trusting
it, even for ourselves.
>>LISA: It is trusting it.
>>LEE: Because you're a healer.
>>LISA: It's total trust
right now in my life
because everything
shifted a few months ago.
And all that trust that I had in
a future and in a lot of things
went away.
And so now I'm learning how to
re-trust myself and then trust
the information.
Something I got was flex
your clairvoyant muscles.
It was like I've got to
get back into that realm.
And it's-- you know--
>>LEE: There's no reason why we
can't merge our intuitive side
with our rational
side of the brain.
And we need to even
in a practical sense,
because our world is changing
so rapidly right now.
I've worked with stockbrokers
and businessmen and women,
and they need to grasp
that side of themselves
even to navigate some of the
changes that are occurring.
So I think you'll be
helping a lot of people
in both of those realms in
transcending and merging them
together.
So that'll ground you
with your work, OK?
>>LISA: OK.
>>NOORY: Laura, how do
people get a hold of you?
>>LEE: Psychicmediumlauralee--
or mediumlauralee.com.
And you just Google me.
>>NOORY: Simple as that.
>>LEE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Very good.
And Lisa thanks for being with
us on this holiday season.
>>LISA: Thank you, George.
It appreciate it.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: And to all of you
who have been watching us
on "Beyond Belief" over
so many months, thank you,
and I hope you have a
joyous holiday season.
[THEME MUSIC]